Which gene is most expressed in control?
What's the expression of TNMD in treated replicates?
What are the 10 most expressed genes?
Which genes are upregulated in Gapmer2 vs control?
Which genes are dpwnregulated in cancer vs healthy?
“Which genes are differentially expressed in condition X?”
How many replicates do we have for each condition?
Can you show me a PCA of the samples?
Can you show me an MDS plot of the samples?
Plot a PCA colored by cell type
What is the average expression level of genes in condition X?
How many genes are significantly differentially expressed in condition Y?
What is the fold-change of gene ABC in treated vs control?
Can you show a volcano plot for the differential expression results?
What are the top 5 genes with the highest log2 fold change in condition X?
Can you list all genes that are significantly upregulated in treatment Z?
Which genes have p-values less than 0.05 after DESeq2 analysis?
Can you provide a heatmap of gene expression for condition X vs control?
What are the pathways enriched for differentially expressed genes?
Can you show me a boxplot of gene expression for gene XYZ across conditions?
Which genes are most correlated with clinical outcome in condition X?
Can you display a clustering heatmap of samples based on gene expression?
How do the samples cluster based on condition?
Which genes have the lowest variance across samples?
What are the top enriched GO terms for upregulated genes?
Can you show a density plot of gene expression for all samples?
Which genes are downregulated in treated samples compared to control?
Can you give me the DESeq2 results for gene XYZ?
Can you generate a bar plot of the sample counts by condition?
What is the total number of genes expressed above a threshold in each condition?
Can you show a pairwise comparison of gene expression for the two treatments?
Which genes have a FDR less than 0.01 after DESeq2?
Can you perform a differential expression analysis between conditions X and Y?
Show me the distribution of expression for gene ABC across samples.
What are the statistical significance results for gene XYZ across conditions?
Can you list the genes involved in the immune response that are upregulated?
Can you perform a differential expression analysis for each condition pair?
What is the most significant gene in pathway ABC for treated vs control?
What are the results of the enrichr analysis for condition X?
Can you generate a scatter plot of log2 fold change vs p-value for the DE genes?